how's it going Mike sip some dip this is
monster to be here and today I will be
doing an unboxing slash review of
Regular Show slack pack and this is the
Christian network 20th anniversary
edition right now I'm just I just got
done watching cartoon planet right here
you know they're having a fight on
family I ran out like chicken versus a
Peter that's classic
but yeah because I just got done
watching some cartoon planet there was
Ed Annette even camp blows on there so
it was really good
but anyways for my channel I deleted my
troll stream video from yesterday
because I there was a live stream but my
Elgato did not really function it was
glitching a lot when I was streaming and
I didn't notice that so I took that
video down so well yeah I just ran down
the target and got this then I know it's
a little bit late since this came out
like a year ago but um I know that they
originally sold just the regular version
that looks like this on the inside by
the way this is a cover they originally
just sold it like this but uh I refuse
to get it like that because I didn't I
don't have any current Cartoon Network
Collection DVDs sorry about all that
motion and sorry but yeah so so is the
just like little cardboard coverage has
rigged be on the cover 2010 versus ready
Regular Show slack pack check it just a
baby duck high five ghost mark I that's
the cover of just you know the regular
cover and these are the twelve episodes
which are the power just set up the
chairs deathtome cheese grilled cheese
deluxe Mordecai and Rigby's rage against
the TV this is my jam the night owl over
the top print colors brain eraser and a
bunch of baby ducks so I actually have
another regular show DVD which is the
best DVD in the world but I like these
episodes a lot more I guess
but yeah so this is the inside of what
it was
we're gonna show slide pack first time a
DVD full of up facility' pops like that
that just shows did the episodes right
there and it's muscle man and it has a
special feature which is the raha
ring-tailed I actually saw that short
that was pretty good so let me open this
up so let's open it up okay so our disc
is pops disc is pops just like if you've
ever seen the Powerpuff Girls
season 1 DVD the inside of it or the
eyes of what's-her-name blossom there go
so yeah this is the inside and a little
advertisement for Adventure Time my two
favorite people I'm pretty sure this was
the first ever adventure time do you
need to come out I this this one feel
done and this is the one from it came
from the nightosphere
so yeah the appeared to be endorsing a
lot of adventure time and i also
remember that the Cartoon Network
Regular Show seasons 1 & 2 will be
released on DVD and blu-ray this summer
for shirts in July seasons 1 & 2 like
combined it won't be like season one or
two separate let me season 1 and season
1 & 2 combined so yeah that's basically
it just gonna pack this back up and I'm
just gonna show you guys my Cartoon
Network clips really fast but this away
so this I just like literally unbox it
and I'm putting out of my shell
ok so we're gonna walk this down to my
show
and we are going to put this right next
to Regular Show DVD which is the best TV
in the world
okay so basically we just got we got Mad
Season 1 part 1 and then any volume 1
baby Looney Tunes volume 3 Lucian show
volume 1 Charter vol 1 flapjack volume 1
called the OCO volume 3 mr. men show mr.
tickle seasons 1 & 2 of fosters home my
great friends Cartoon Network Christmas
3 Cartoon Network Halloween 3 johnny
test super smartypants this is they're
gonna show slack pack that I just added
in their regular show best DVD in the
world this is actually my favorite DVD
of all of them Cartoon Network camp
lazlo where's Lazlo
this was actually there's only there's
less than 50 copies of this around the
whole world it was released as a special
gift to the staff of Camp Lazlo after
they created this short but um there's
not very much in the existence then
there's my pet alien and there's Justice
League n this is also by Camp Lazlo if
you guys already didn't know Camp Lazlo
is my favorite show of all time but this
is my Camp Lazlo action figure set with
Lazlo Raj clam Olympus syncman and a map
of leaky Lake so yeah that's basically
it guys don't forget to leave like 'whoa
comment if you enjoyed it and yeah hey
guys I'm back I just wanted to let you
guys know something quick before I ended
the video I just wanted to tell you guys
that I wouldn't really recommend this if
you have Netflix because most of the
episodes on this DVD are already on
Netflix so like if you if you travel on
the road a lot and you don't have a
winter internet connection or whatever
I'd recommend getting this but if you're
available to internet most of the time
or whatever you'd like to watch this
kind of DVD and you're available to
internet connection I just recommend
not spending the $10 and just watching
on Netflix because you know they're
already on Netflix but they could take
it off Netflix and this could become a
collector as a dish or collector's item
so it's up to you guys if you want to
get it or not
thanks for watching don't forget to
leave a like well and comment yeah peace